I thought it was actually a really
amazing show like I learned so much from
it just like to ask first and I never
liked thought of it and that last for
permission and stuff and it gave me a
new view on like relationships and I
really enjoyed it and you should also
come because he's really awesome like
he's really chill it was like great
expand it was really cool I didn't
expect it and it really was cool he was
really funny and also serious so it made
it really enjoyable and easy to connect
to and I'm gonna ask first I'm gonna use
the wristband I thought the show was
really good honestly it was definitely
way better than I expected not expected
to be bad or anything but one thing I'm
definitely gonna use is the are you
comfortable with this and if I get
rejected by kiss hopefully not um I'm
going to say B that's alright because if
anything I would not want you to feel
uncomfortable great show and I
definitely gotta catch the 730 show yep
I really enjoyed um tonight's
performance i'm going to make sure to
stop all the droid ends when I'm out and
I'm so glad that we had so many of our
sisters to represent Zeta at this event
because it was really beneficial I love
the shower was awesome and now i'm
always remember that you have to ask
first it was really awesome i think the
best thing that I learned was to thank
survivors for sharing their stories as
opposed to apologizing it was so awesome
I love the show and now I'm gonna go
home and call three people and open the
door for them because I love them and
they deserve the support thank you Mike
for making me laugh and cry and then
laugh again and then cry again I had an
amazing time hey it was awesome myself
I'm Mike you're amazing thank you so
much yeah and I will always ask first
yes always this bracelet not coming off
thank you so much